[Music]
it's Christmas Eve in LA we'll see what
a New York cop John McClane has come to
say his wife instead he's going to have
to save her within this skyscraper high
above the city 12 terrorists have
declared war there is brilliant
justice ever 640 million dollars as they
are ruthless but I'm telling you you're
just gonna kill okay now the last thing
the clean ones they ever think is to be
a hero but he doesn't have a choice
[Music]
they have already killed one cocktail
dessert
[Music]
do it if you have a chance against us
mr. cowboy
[Music]
he's an easy guy delight come on through
the curls get together have a few laughs
and a hard man to kill
Bruce Willis diehard gotta fight it to
the Christmas party by mistake who knew
[Music]